[Music]
eighteen types of kisses and what they
actually mean according to Cheryl
Kirschenbaum the author of the science
of kissing what our lips are telling us
there are more than 100 types of kisses
out there and each of them shows
different feelings French kiss
French kissing is a big favorite for
almost every couple out there and it's
no surprise to be honest
French kiss is the most passionate hot
and alluring type of kissing which
actually leads to a whole other physical
contact if you know what I mean some
people even say that French kissing is
an art that every person should master
anyway it's not hard to guess that those
couples who prefer French kissing over
anything else are at the peak of their
attraction to one another and just can't
get enough if you're together for a long
time and still French kiss quite
frequently then you're one of those rare
couples who were able to carry this
initial passion through all these years
[Music]
quick kiss you know that moment when
you're not into all of those public
displays of affection so whenever you're
in public you just give your partner a
quick kiss with your mouth closed
unlike french kissing quit kissing is
typical for couples who are together for
a long period of time and who've already
past the peak of their passion however
if you usually kiss like that it doesn't
necessarily mean that you two don't love
each other anymore you're just on
another level of your relationship where
you don't have to kiss or hug all the
time to show your love kiss on the cheek
what can be cuter and sweeter than a
kiss on the cheek right in some
countries it's just a way to say hi
among couples however this type of
kissing is usually a reminder of your
partner's feelings for you
of course it's not as passionate as
french-kissing but it's still endearing
it gently shows you that your partner
truly cares for you and that his or her
passion is very tender so don't
underestimate this type of kissing it's
just as meaningful as all the others
blown kiss
who said that physical contact should be
one of the main attributes of kissing
blown kisses can be just as a luring as
all the other ones if you and your
partner frequently blow small cute
kisses to each other that means that you
both are very flirtatious and love to
live in the moment you love adventures
and you have fun together which is a
great basis for any relationship so keep
doing what you're doing it's working
great for you to lock kiss the lock kiss
is when your bodies are at a certain
distance but your lips are still pressed
against your partners it usually happens
when you two need to go but you just
can't get enough of one another
and it feels just like it looks this
little disagreement between your bodies
and your lips suggests that you two are
very into each other physically and have
a strong feeling of passion and this is
exactly what helps you keep your
relationship alive angels kiss when your
partner gently kisses you on the eyelid
that's the angels kiss it is believed to
be one of the biggest displays of true
love and care moreover such kisses show
deep trust between partners by giving
you an Angels kiss your partner silently
tells you that he or she is always here
for you so in any situation you can
undoubtedly count on him or her if you
two share angels kiss is quite often
that's the sign of a healthy
relationship which will most probably
stand the test of time
[Music]
kiss on the nose it's a great way to
lighten up your partner's mood and make
him or her smile if it's very likely for
your couple to share these kisses every
once in a while this means that you
don't take yourself too seriously and
look to jazz things up a little bit you
have a very playful and fun relationship
so a little advice for everybody out
there whenever you have a little
argument just kiss your boyfriend or
girlfriend on the nose
he or she will instantly forget about
any small misunderstandings kiss on the
forehead kisses on the forehead are
often called mother like that's because
they show your partner's infinite
support and care for you by kissing you
on the forehead your boyfriend or
girlfriend wants to let you know that
you're safe and loved
this type of kissing is very similar to
the Angels kiss to make your partner
feel secure and adored kiss him or her
on the forehead
kiss on the ear ears are one of the most
sensitive and erogenous zones
that's why kisses on the ear are very
ticklish for some people ear kisses mean
that your partner wants to make you
laugh and cheer you up
again it's very similar to the angels
kiss but in a sense that you're most
probably an adventurous couple who loves
to make new memories together if you
just started dating try to prolong this
period for as much as you can
unfortunately it goes away faster than
you'd think
[Music]
kiss on the lobe of the ear kissing or
sucking on the lobe of the ear has a
strictly erotic context and meaning this
is one of the most romantic and intimate
types of kissing which usually is some
sort of curtain raiser to the following
physical contact frequent ear love
kisses mean that your relationship is
still full of passion and attraction
just make sure that it's not the only
thing that keeps you together
it's great that you're having fun but
being able to talk about anything with
each other is one of the most important
parts of any healthy relationship
kissing the hand it's one of the oldest
ways of kissing and it shows true
admiration in fact according to the
tradition a man can kiss a woman's hand
only if he's older than her if that's
the other way around
a man should also get to one knee the
kiss should always be followed up with
the compliment it would be kind of cool
if it were still like this today right
but nowadays kissing the hand seems
almost a night like gesture and that's
why it's way more valuable it shows that
your partner is truly captivated by you
a true gentleman neck kiss the neck is
also one of the erogenous zones
that's why neck kisses have mostly
erotic meanings kissing on the neck is
one of the ways to build up to the main
thing if partners who enjoy such kisses
not only as a curtain raiser are very
open and passionate people so their
relationship can be very complicated
they like living life to the fullest
they have strong opinions and that's why
they can balance between fighting and
making up if they manage to settle their
differences though it wouldn't be hard
for them to keep the peace
Hickey if your partner loves to leave
hickeys on your body it's good food for
thought for you because hickeys are one
of the leads that your partner can show
that you're takin maybe he or she gets
jealous easily and worries that
something might happen between you to
try to talk to him or her and say that
there's nothing to worry about
aggressive jealousy is another thing
though it's not good or cute in any way
it just slowly destroys your
relationship think about it one lip kiss
it's the type of kiss when both of the
partners move only one of their lips
either the upper lip or lower lip during
this type of kissing you can feel your
lover breathing anyway that's the
kissing style of a couple who has a very
tight bond who truly loves each other
and is happy to be together this is
common among couples who spent years
together and know every single thing
about each other the Eskimo kiss it's
not so much a kiss but just a lovely way
of showing your affection and devotion
to your partner the Eskimo kiss is when
partners rub their noses against one
another it is believed that this was
created by the people who live in the
cold instead of kissing they just rub
noses so that they wouldn't get
frostbite if you and your loved one do
this often you have a cute and loving
relationship there's certainly nothing
to worry about
lowered lip biting well what a hot
couple of guys you are if your partner
usually bites your lower lip during a
French kiss that means that he or she's
probably hot blooded and passionate
again like with some of the other types
your initial attraction for one another
drives your relationship that's good but
balance it out the
doesn't last forever while lack of
mutual understanding and true friendship
can be serious deal-breakers vacuum kiss
while we're on the topic of passion this
kiss is probably one of the biggest
forms of it vacuum kiss is a type of
kissing when it seems like you're
sucking the soul out of each other kind
of like the Dementors kiss but way more
pleasant if you both enjoy kissing until
your lips start to hurt then physical
contact is highly important for you in a
relationship body contact
this type of kissing is the happy medium
between all the other types it's not too
passionate and not too shy exactly what
you need for public occasions with
friends so it won't get too awkward for
them so if you usually gently kiss with
your bodies pressed against one another
you understand and know each other very
well
you're probably together for a long time
now that's why your relationship is so
perfectly balanced there is love fun
friendship and trust nice job so which
one of these types of kissing is your
favorite tell us in the comments don't
forget to hit the like button and share
this video with all your friends so they
can find out whether it's true for them
or not
and click subscribe to join us on the
bright side